Personal Strengths:
1. Solid JAVA foundation, more than 8 years of Java back-end development experience, and familiar with Python language;
2. Familiar with mainstream frameworks or technologies such as Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Mybatis, and the ability to 
build highly available and scalable microservice architecture;
3. Have a deep understanding of the basic theory and internal implementation mechanism of databases, and can
skillfully use MySQL/Oracle/PostgresSql;
4. Familiar with distributed, caching, messaging, search and other mechanisms, familiar with Redis, Zookeeper,
Elasticsearch
5. Good at system analysis and design, code reconstruction, large-scale project foundation and application architecture 
design experience;
6. Familiar with common operation and maintenance technology, Docker, K8s and Jenkins, able to realize continuous 
integration and automated deployment;
7. Be familiar with front-end technologies, such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript;
Understand big data technology architecture, such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive;
9. Have SaaS experience, follow the principles of agile development, cross-functional team collaboration, shorten the 
product iteration cycle;
10. Have working experience in foreign companies, with professional English document reading, writing and oral 
communication skills, effective project communication.


Project experience:
Software Asset Management   Senior Software Engineer,  2020.04-present
Contents:
The SaaS product helps enterprises manage millions of levels of software data. It first obtains enterprise software 
installation data collected by UCMDB and software license data maintained by SMAX, and then uses the computing 
engine to analyze the compliance report of software usage in parallel. According to the report, enterprises can purchase, 
renew and unsubscribe software on demand, so as to avoid the risk of default and save the cost of enterprises.
Technical architecture: SpringBoot, K8s, Docker, Jenkins, PostgreSql 
Main responsibilities:
● Lead architecture design, requirements control, technical research, core function development, manpower estimation;
● Think about products from the user's perspective; Undertake part of product manager work when necessary, do 
demand collection and cleaning;
● Review team members' code, participate in group technology learning and sharing, and promote team members' 
technical and soft quality improvement;
● Refactoring the computing engine, introducing the chain of responsibility design pattern to improve the system 
scalability;
● Quartz asynchronously processes computing requests to realize business decoupling;
● Research and formulate calculation rules for software products;
● Integrate and import compliance data from third-party SaaS products


Housing rental standard       Java development engineer     2018.07-2020.03
Contents:
Online management of hundreds of thousands of market housing and public rental housing, mainly including housing 
release, map housing, rental application, contract signing and filing, public rental rental, message push. It has landed in 
dozens of cities such as Sanya, Wuxi, Changde, Zhongxian and Hegang.
Technical architecture: SprinBoot, ElasticSearch, Redis, Activiti, 
Docker Main responsibilities:
● Participate in technical architecture design, refactoring and optimization of existing code;
● Participate in component code writing, development and maintenance of system functions and business functions;
● Acted as the R&D team leader to assign tasks, formulate schedules, coordinate and communicate, and report work 
progress;
● Using ElasticSearch to achieve rapid retrieval of massive housing, and map to find housing;
● The Activity workflow engine was used to optimize the whole process of contract approval, improving efficiency 
and process transparency;
● Applied Redis distributed lock mechanism to solve the problem of housing application conflicts in concurrent 
environment;
● Using JUC CountDownLatch mechanism to import massive housing data, the speed is increased by more than 3 times;
Performance:
Helped a number of prefecture-level city governments across the country to improve the supervision of all aspects of 
housing leasing, and realized the informatization of government affairs.


Yunsend Yungou supply chain   Java development   2016.02-2018.07
Contents:
ERP system of steel trading platform, based on Dubbo microservice architecture, provides full chain management for 
upstream suppliers and downstream customers, including agreement, logistics, inspection, inventory, unloading, order 
and settlement management, etc.
Technical architecture: SpringBoot, Dubbo, Zookeeper, Mybatis, Mysql, 
RabbitMQ Main responsibilities
● Responsible for the front-end and back-end development of the rack-down module, participate in the module 
development, demand analysis and design, interface design, table design and interface docking;
● Use RabbitMQ to connect supplier systems to improve system response and concurrency capabilities;
● Led one front-end and one test colleague to develop an App with good user experience based on Web services in 
2 months;
● Used jQuery, Ajax and other technologies to develop part of the front-end functions
Performance:
Realized online steel transactions, undertook more than 10 billion transaction volume, and provided convenient services 
for more than 300 upstream suppliers and more than 1,000 downstream customers.
